>> Brian Holt: So keys,
in order to get rid of this key problem,
let's talk a little bit
about how React renders.
Let's imagine that I had an ability
to sort these differently.
Or maybe I wanna sort one time by
location in a different time by breeds.
Well, that would be pretty easy to do.
I just write a .sort method for
that before I did .map, and
it would sort just fine, right?
The problem is,
if I render it one way, and
then I tell React to re-render a different
way, it sees that things have changed, but
it doesn't know how things have changed.
And it doesn't do that in depth of
checking to figure out how it changed.
So if I did that, that's the same data
objects just rearranged a different way,
it would destroy everything and
re-render everything.
Now imagine these are really deep
complicated DOM objects that's really
expensive, and you're gonna see
jenk in your scrolling, right,
which we're trying to avoid that.
We're trying to be buttery smooth
120 frames per second kind of stuff.
Or 60 at least.
So that's where key comes in.
Key is basically giving React the handles
like hey, just do a quick check and
if this key is the same key for
here and here, don't destroy it,
just move it, right?
It'll actually take that DOM element and
move it down.
It's way faster,
the browser's really good at doing that.
So that's what this key is.
It's some unique attribute about that
object that if it moves from index 0 to
index 10, it's like,
this just moved there.
I'll just move it there.
So the key is don't use index, right?
Because if that index is not tied to
the object, it might move around.
You need to use some unique identifier.
And these pets actually have IDs so
that's the easiest way to do it.
What you're gonna do is
you're gonna say key=pet.
Something unique to that pet, right?
In this case,
I can guarantee that the ID is the same.
But I couldn't do name, right?
I could have two Fidos in there and
then React would be like,
well I don't know which one is which.
I'm just gonna render the first one.
It'll actually drop the second one.
So, make sure that it's definitely unique.
Sometimes, you will have things that you
will know will literally never re-order
and it doesn't actually matter.
In that case, go ahead and put index, but
that is the only case where it's
okay to put index as the key.
>> Brian Holt: If you have anything unique
about the particular object, just do that.
And now, if you go back,
we don't see this anymore.
So, that's what key is.
For the most part, React is really
good about not making you step in for
performance optimizations, that it's
good about doing everything on its own.
This is one of the few cases
where it requires you to step in.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah?
>> Speaker 2: Is there ever
a case where index is okay?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, so if I had a group
of objects that I know was never going to
be re-rendered, and never was going to
be re-ordered then you could use index.
Even still in that case,
I would implore you to, if it has
a unique identifier to use that still.
Just because that's how it is today
doesn't mean that's how it's going to
be tomorrow.
It's just one more thing you
don't have to worry about, right?
But, if there literally is nothing
unique about it, just use index.
I guess that's the one case
I would be okay with it,
is if there's nothing
unique about those items.
>> Brian Holt: But sometimes,
that unique identifier will be URLs,
it'll be file names.
It'll be a bunch of stuff that
you can guarantee is unique.
Anything you can guarantee unique.